README.md, before:

## [Leetcode Problems](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gcp1304/Leetcode.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gcp1304/Leetcode)

## Algorithms
|  #  |      Problem     |   Solution   | Time          | Space         | Difficulty  | Tag        |       Company    
|-----|----------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|-------------|-------------|-------------
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_1.java)| O(n)| O(n) |Easy| HashMap | FB, UBER, LKDN, BLOOMBERG, AMZN, MSFT, AIRBNB
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_2.java)| O(max(l1.length, l2.length)| O(1) |Medium| Linkedlist
|3|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_3.java)| O(n) | O(n) |Medium| Sliding Window, Map, Set
|6|[ZigZag Conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_6.java)| O(n) | O(n) | Medium | Strings | -
|7|[Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_7.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | BLOOMBERG, AAPL
|8|[String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_8.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | BLOOMBERG, AAPL
|9|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_9.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | -
|10|[Regular Expression Matching](https://leetcode.com/problems/regular-expression-matching/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_10.java)| O(m*n)| O(m*n) |Hard| DP | FB
|11|[Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_11.java)| O(n)| O(1) |Medium| Arrays | BLOOMBERG
|12|[Integer To Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_12.java)| O(1)| O(1) |Medium| Math, String | -
|13|[Roman To Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_13.java)|O(1)|O(1)|Easy|Math,String|FB
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_14.java)|O(S) (S is the sum of all characters in all strings)|O(1)|Easy|String| -
|17|[Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_17.java)|O(n*4^n)|O(n)|Medium|Backtracking|FB
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_20.java)|O(n)|O(n)|Easy|Stack|FB
|23|[Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_23.java)|O(nlogk)|O(k)|Hard|Heap|FB
|25|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_25.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Hard|Recursion, LinkedList|FB
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_26.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|Arrays|FB
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_28.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|String|FB
|33|[Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_33.java)|O(logn)|O(1)|Medium|Binary Search|FB
|102|[Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_102.java)|O(n| O(h) | Medium |BFS | FB
|121|[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_121.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy| Array |FB
|125|[Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_125.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy| Two Pointers|FB
|127|[Word Ladder](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_127.java)|O(n^2)|O(n)|Medium| BFS |FB
|128|[Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_128.java)|O(n) or O(n*m)|O(n)|Hard|  |FB
|139|[Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_139.java)|O(n^3) or O(n^2)|O(n)|Medium| DP, BFS |FB
|146|[LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_146.java)|amortized O(1) | O(k) | Hard| Doubly Linked List, HashMap| FB
|*161|[One Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/one-edit-distance/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_161.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| | FB
|168|[Excel Sheet Column Title](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_168.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| | FB
|173|[Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_173.java)|O(1) | O(h) | Medium| Stack | FB
|200|[Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_200.java)|O(m*n) | O(m*n) | Medium| DFS | FB
|206|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_206.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| Linked List | FB
|208|[Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_208.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Medium| Trie | FB
|209|[Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_209.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Medium| Arrays | FB
|211|[Add and Search Word - Data structure design](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-and-search-word-data-structure-design)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_211.java)|O(n) | O(h) | Medium| Trie | FB
|215|[Kth Largest Element in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_215.java)|O(nlogn)|O(n)|Medium|PQ, Heap | FB
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_234.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|Linked List|FB
|235|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_235.java)|O(h)|O(1)|Easy|BST, DFS|FB
|236|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_236.java)|O(n)|O(h)|Medium|BST, DFS|FB
|238|[Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_238.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Medium|Array|FB
|*252|[Meeting Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_252.java)|O(nlogn)|O(1)|Easy|Arrays|FB
|*253|[Meeting Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_253.java)|O(nlogn)|O(h)|Medium|Heap, PQ|FB
|257|[Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_257.java)|O(n*h)|O(h)|Easy|DFS, Recursion|FB
|273|[Integer to English Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-english-words)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_273.java)|O(n)|O(1) | Hard | String | FB
|278|[First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_278.java)|O(logn)|O(1)|Easy|Binary Search|FB
|*285|[Inorder Successor In BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/inorder-successor-in-bst/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_285.java)|O(h)|O(1)|Medium|BST|FB
|*286|[Wall and Gates](https://leetcode.com/problems/walls-and-gates/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_286.java)|O(m*n)|O(g)|Medium|BFS, DFS|FB
|###|[Minimum number of tokens to distribute]()|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_New.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Medium|Arrays|PayJoy
|*297|[Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_297.java)|O(n)|O(n)|Hard|BFS|FB, UBER
|*301|[Remove Invalid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-invalid-parentheses/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_301.java)|O(nk), k: # of recursion calls for DFS, O(n) for BFS| - |Hard|BFS, DFS|FB
|*314|[Binary Tree Vertical Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-vertical-order-traversal/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_314.java)|O(h)| O(n) |Medium|BFS|FB
|*325|[Maximum Size Subarray Sum Equals k](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-size-subarray-sum-equals-k/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_324.java)|O(n)| O(n) |Medium|HashTable|FB
|334|[Increasing Triplet Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-triplet-subsequence/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_334.java)|O(n)| O(1) |Medium|-|FB
|341|[Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_341.java)|O(n)| O(n) |Medium|Stack|FB
|380|[Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_380.java)|O(1)| O(1) |Medium|Design, HashMap|UBER


Inspired by fishercoder1534's problem practising. Also borrowed few solutions from fishercoder1534. Thank you for the wonderful solutions

Legend:
'*'(asterisk) before problem number means the problem on leetcode is available onlyfor premium users.

Commit message:

Added Serialize and Deserialize question from Uber Interview

README.md, after:

## [Leetcode Problems](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gcp1304/Leetcode.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/gcp1304/Leetcode)

## Algorithms
|  #  |      Problem     |   Solution   | Time          | Space         | Difficulty  | Tag        |       Company    
|-----|----------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|-------------|-------------|-------------
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_1.java)| O(n)| O(n) |Easy| HashMap | FB, UBER, LKDN, BLOOMBERG, AMZN, MSFT, AIRBNB
|2|[Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_2.java)| O(max(l1.length, l2.length)| O(1) |Medium| Linkedlist
|3|[Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_3.java)| O(n) | O(n) |Medium| Sliding Window, Map, Set
|6|[ZigZag Conversion](https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_6.java)| O(n) | O(n) | Medium | Strings | -
|7|[Reverse Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_7.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | BLOOMBERG, AAPL
|8|[String to Integer (atoi)](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-to-integer-atoi/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_8.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | BLOOMBERG, AAPL
|9|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_9.java)| O(1) | O(1) | Easy | - | -
|10|[Regular Expression Matching](https://leetcode.com/problems/regular-expression-matching/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_10.java)| O(m*n)| O(m*n) |Hard| DP | FB
|11|[Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_11.java)| O(n)| O(1) |Medium| Arrays | BLOOMBERG
|12|[Integer To Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_12.java)| O(1)| O(1) |Medium| Math, String | -
|13|[Roman To Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_13.java)|O(1)|O(1)|Easy|Math,String|FB
|14|[Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_14.java)|O(S) (S is the sum of all characters in all strings)|O(1)|Easy|String| -
|17|[Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_17.java)|O(n*4^n)|O(n)|Medium|Backtracking|FB
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_20.java)|O(n)|O(n)|Easy|Stack|FB
|23|[Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_23.java)|O(nlogk)|O(k)|Hard|Heap|FB
|25|[Reverse Nodes in k-Group](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_25.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Hard|Recursion, LinkedList|FB
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_26.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|Arrays|FB
|28|[Implement strStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_28.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|String|FB
|33|[Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_33.java)|O(logn)|O(1)|Medium|Binary Search|FB
|102|[Binary Tree Level Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-level-order-traversal/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_102.java)|O(n| O(h) | Medium |BFS | FB
|121|[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_121.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy| Array |FB
|125|[Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_125.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy| Two Pointers|FB
|127|[Word Ladder](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-ladder/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_127.java)|O(n^2)|O(n)|Medium| BFS |FB
|128|[Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_128.java)|O(n) or O(n*m)|O(n)|Hard|  |FB
|139|[Word Break](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-break/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_139.java)|O(n^3) or O(n^2)|O(n)|Medium| DP, BFS |FB
|146|[LRU Cache](https://leetcode.com/problems/lru-cache/) | [Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_146.java)|amortized O(1) | O(k) | Hard| Doubly Linked List, HashMap| FB
|*161|[One Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/one-edit-distance/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_161.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| | FB
|168|[Excel Sheet Column Title](https://leetcode.com/problems/excel-sheet-column-title)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_168.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| | FB
|173|[Binary Search Tree Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search-tree-iterator/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_173.java)|O(1) | O(h) | Medium| Stack | FB
|200|[Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_200.java)|O(m*n) | O(m*n) | Medium| DFS | FB
|206|[Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_206.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Easy| Linked List | FB
|208|[Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_208.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Medium| Trie | FB
|209|[Minimum Size Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-size-subarray-sum)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_209.java)|O(n) | O(1) | Medium| Arrays | FB
|211|[Add and Search Word - Data structure design](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-and-search-word-data-structure-design)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_211.java)|O(n) | O(h) | Medium| Trie | FB
|215|[Kth Largest Element in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_215.java)|O(nlogn)|O(n)|Medium|PQ, Heap | FB
|234|[Palindrome Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_234.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Easy|Linked List|FB
|235|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_235.java)|O(h)|O(1)|Easy|BST, DFS|FB
|236|[Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-tree/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_236.java)|O(n)|O(h)|Medium|BST, DFS|FB
|238|[Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_238.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Medium|Array|FB
|*252|[Meeting Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_252.java)|O(nlogn)|O(1)|Easy|Arrays|FB
|*253|[Meeting Rooms](https://leetcode.com/problems/meeting-rooms-ii/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_253.java)|O(nlogn)|O(h)|Medium|Heap, PQ|FB
|257|[Binary Tree Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-paths)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_257.java)|O(n*h)|O(h)|Easy|DFS, Recursion|FB
|273|[Integer to English Words](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-english-words)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_273.java)|O(n)|O(1) | Hard | String | FB
|278|[First Bad Version](https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_278.java)|O(logn)|O(1)|Easy|Binary Search|FB
|*285|[Inorder Successor In BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/inorder-successor-in-bst/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_285.java)|O(h)|O(1)|Medium|BST|FB
|*286|[Wall and Gates](https://leetcode.com/problems/walls-and-gates/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_286.java)|O(m*n)|O(g)|Medium|BFS, DFS|FB
|*297|[Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/serialize-and-deserialize-binary-tree/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_297.java)|O(n)|O(n)|Hard|BFS|FB, UBER
|*301|[Remove Invalid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-invalid-parentheses/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_301.java)|O(nk), k: # of recursion calls for DFS, O(n) for BFS| - |Hard|BFS, DFS|FB
|*314|[Binary Tree Vertical Order Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-vertical-order-traversal/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_314.java)|O(h)| O(n) |Medium|BFS|FB
|*325|[Maximum Size Subarray Sum Equals k](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-size-subarray-sum-equals-k/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_324.java)|O(n)| O(n) |Medium|HashTable|FB
|334|[Increasing Triplet Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/increasing-triplet-subsequence/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_334.java)|O(n)| O(1) |Medium|-|FB
|341|[Flatten Nested List Iterator](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-nested-list-iterator/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_341.java)|O(n)| O(n) |Medium|Stack|FB
|380|[Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/)|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_380.java)|O(1)| O(1) |Medium|Design, HashMap|UBER
|###|[Minimum number of tokens to distribute]()|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/Problem_New.java)|O(n)|O(1)|Medium|Arrays|PayJoy
|###|[Serialize and Deserialize General Tree]()|[Solution](./problems/src/main/java/com/chandra/problems/SerializeAndDeserializeNArrayTree.java)|?|?|Medium|Trees|Uber

Inspired by fishercoder1534's problem practising. Also borrowed few solutions from fishercoder1534. Thank you for the wonderful solutions

Legend:
'*'(asterisk) before problem number means the problem on leetcode is available onlyfor premium users.
